Small documentation updates (#25)
Aliucord/documentation: plugin-dev/3_patching.md

# Patching

> Aliucord currently uses the [LSPlant](https://github.com/Aliucord/LSPlant) method hook framework for hooking Discord's methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aliucord currently uses our [Aliuhook](https://github.com/aliucord/hook) bindings to the
[LSPlant](https://github.com/Aliucord/LSPlant) ART hooking framework for hooking existing methods at runtime.
```
